popobawa
--
synopsis - A horror about the popobawa, chunusi and jinamisi.


characters
--
popobawa: man bat with one eye and big penis (rapes victims)
chunusi: octopus like creature (drowns victims)
jinamisi: short troll like creature with flippers for hands (strangles victims)


ideas
--
Feminine and beautiful popobawa. Something more like spiderman than batman. Androgynous. Ninja style.
Light, fluid, silently slipping in and out of shadows. Quick to swoop in and take flight. Envelops his victims like a shadow. (shot with a moving light/masks)

Tell the story through the monsters eyes. So we might be disgusted, but feel empathy for him.. and maybe root for him. Just for controversy more than anything.


Make a backstory about his origin. Maybe someone who was raped and murdered, thrown in a cave and his spirit has a vengeance.

Use the fact that many actually believe this is true. Like Blair Witch and other documentary style stories subvert the medium. Fake breaking news stories from international newsrooms and papers. CCTV camera footage.


The reason it has been kept secret, for all these years is because of taboo. It's a shame to admit that you have been a victim. Speaking about it will pass the curse onto the person who hears the confession. So people DO NOT want to hear about it.

The reason it became international news is because of an attack on multiple foreign victims in a hotel with cameras. The after  party in the lobby where people slept was recorded by CCTV cameras. The askari never even knew. The hotel has FLIR, heat vision, trip and other security cameras because it's in porini and sometimes has high value clients. 

Investigation teams from the UK, US, Thailand and Germany have sent and are working with local police. Comedy arises.

hip hop
--
make a hip hop tune for marketing purposes
get some verses by various artists in arusha/tanga/dar/zzb
This is a good place to have some beats/sounds to use in the film.













